capital = 285

oob = "AST_1936"

set_stability = 0.8
set_war_support = 0.3
# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_trucks = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	
	basic_train = 1
	trench_warfare = 1
	fuel_silos = 1

	basic_sonar = 1
	basic_fire_control_system = 1
	basic_light_battery = 1
	basic_light_medium_battery = 1
	improved_ship_torpedo_launcher = 1
	basic_torpedo = 1
	basic_depth_charges = 1
	improved_range_engines = 1
	basic_range_engines = 1
	basic_armor_scheme = 1
	airplane_launcher = 1
	basic_naval_mines = 1
	ship_light_hull = 1
	ship_cruiser_hull = 1
	ship_hull_heavy = 1
	blue_water_navy = 1
	not_brown_water_navy = 1
	victory_through_number = 1
	escort_patrols = 1
}

complete_special_project = {
	project = sp:sp_naval_sonar
}

if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" }
	}
	set_technology = {
		gwtank = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	set_technology = {
		gwtank_chassis = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
	set_air_oob = "AST_1936_air_bba"
	set_technology = {
		bba_early_transport_plane = 1
	}
	else = {
		set_air_oob = "AST_1936_air_legacy"
		set_technology = {
			early_fighter = 1
			cv_early_fighter = 1
			cv_naval_bomber1 = 1
			naval_bomber1 = 1
			early_bomber = 1
			CAS1 = 1
			early_transport_plane = 1
		}
	}
}
set_naval_oob = "AST_1936_naval"

recruit_character = AST_john_curtin
recruit_character = AST_eric_campbell
recruit_character = AST_richard_dixon
recruit_character = AST_earle_page
recruit_character = AST_rod_hull
recruit_character = AST_leslie_morshead
recruit_character = AST_thomas_blamey
recruit_character = AST_henry_wynter
recruit_character = AST_alan_vasey
recruit_character = AST_horace_robertson
recruit_character = AST_john_northcott
recruit_character = AST_harold_farncomb
recruit_character = AST_victor_crutchley
recruit_character = AST_clive_caldwell
recruit_character = AST_sydney_rowell
recruit_character = AST_richard_williams
recruit_character = AST_ragnar_colvin
recruit_character = AST_norman_makin
recruit_character = AST_james_fairbairn
recruit_character = AST_john_collins
recruit_character = AST_arthur_allen
recruit_character = AST_vernon_sturdee
recruit_character = AST_jack_crace
recruit_character = AST_cederic_hicks
recruit_character = AST_charles_burnett
recruit_character = AST_edmund_herring
recruit_character = AST_arthur_drakeford
recruit_character = AST_john_lavarack
recruit_character = AST_robert_g_menzies
recruit_character = AST_ben_chifley
recruit_character = AST_frank_forde
recruit_character = AST_alexander_hore_ruthven
recruit_character = AST_jack_beasley
recruit_character = AST_lance_sharkey
recruit_character = AST_herbert_v_evatt
recruit_character = AST_generic_fascist_demagogue
recruit_character = AST_arthur_calwell

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "Together for Victory"
	}
	recruit_character = AST_iven_mackay #Empty char can become unit leader via FT
}


if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "Together for Victory"
	}
	add_ideas = AST_great_depression_1

	add_to_tech_sharing_group = commonwealth_research
}

add_ideas = SRD_naval_treaty_adherent

1939.1.1 = {
	add_political_power = 1198
	add_command_power = 100
	oob = "AST_1939"
	if = {
		limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
			set_air_oob = "AST_1939_air_bba"
		else = {
			set_air_oob = "AST_1939_air_legacy"
			set_technology = {
				fighter1 = 1
				tactical_bomber1 = 1
			}
		}
	}
	if = {
		limit = { has_dlc = "Together for Victory" }
		complete_national_focus = AST_additional_militia_training
		complete_national_focus = AST_royal_australian_artillery
		complete_national_focus = AST_daimler_dingo
		complete_national_focus = AST_expand_the_raaf
		complete_national_focus = AST_cockatoo_island_shipyards
		complete_national_focus = AST_expand_northern_presence
		complete_national_focus = AST_standard_gauge_railway
		complete_national_focus = AST_industries_assistance_corporation
		complete_national_focus = AST_western_australian_government_railways
		complete_national_focus = AST_south_australian_housing_trust
		
		else = {
			#generic focuses
			complete_national_focus = army_effort
			complete_national_focus = equipment_effort
			complete_national_focus = motorization_effort
			complete_national_focus = aviation_effort
			complete_national_focus = naval_effort
			complete_national_focus = large_navy
			complete_national_focus = industrial_effort
			complete_national_focus = construction_effort
			complete_national_focus = production_effort
		}
	}

	add_ideas = {
		#laws		
		volunteer_only
		low_economic_mobilisation
	}

	
	set_technology = {
		interwar_artillery = 1
		interwar_antitank = 1
		infantry_weapons2 = 1
		support_weapons = 1
		support_weapons2 = 1
		

		#doctrines
		air_superiority = 1
		grand_battle_plan = 1
		trench_warfare = 1

		#electronics
		electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
		radio = 1
		mechanical_computing = 1
		computing_machine = 1

		#industry
		basic_machine_tools = 1
		improved_machine_tools = 1
		advanced_machine_tools = 1
		fuel_refining = 1
		construction1 = 1
		construction2 = 1
		dispersed_industry = 1
		dispersed_industry2 = 1
	}
	complete_special_project = {
		project = sp:sp_air_radar
	}
	if = {
		limit = {
			NOT = {
				has_dlc = "No Step Back"
			}
		}
		set_technology = {
			basic_light_tank = 1
			improved_light_tank = 1
			basic_medium_tank = 1
			basic_heavy_tank = 1
		}
	}
	if = {
		limit = {
			
			has_dlc = "No Step Back"
			
		}
		set_technology = {
			basic_light_tank_chassis = 1
			improved_light_tank_chassis = 1
			basic_medium_tank_chassis = 1
			basic_heavy_tank_chassis = 1
		}
	}
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1934.9.15"
	election_frequency = 36
	elections_allowed = yes
}

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 98
	communism = 2
}

set_convoys = 100

1939.1.1 = {
	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = democratic
		last_election = "1937.10.23"
		election_frequency = 36
		elections_allowed = yes
	}

	set_popularities = {
		democratic = 99
		communism = 1
	}

	set_convoys = 100
}

### VARIANTS ###
# 1936 Start #

# Destroyers #
create_equipment_variant = {
	name = "Vampire Class"
	type = ship_hull_light_1
	name_group = AST_DD_HISTORICAL
	parent_version = 0
	role_icon_index = 2
	modules = {
		fixed_target_acquisition = ship_sonar_2
		rear_1 = empty
		rear_2 = empty
		mid_1 = ship_torpedo_1
		mid_2 = ship_torpedo_1
	}
	upgrades = {
		ship_light_engine_upgrade = 7
		ship_light_range_upgrade = 3
	}
	obsolete = yes
}
create_equipment_variant = {
	name = "Vendetta & Voyager Classes"
	type = ship_hull_light_1
	name_group = AST_DD_HISTORICAL
	parent_version = 1
	role_icon_index = 2
	modules = {
		rear_1 = ship_depth_charge_1
		rear_2 = ship_mine_sweeper_1
	}
	upgrades = {
		ship_light_engine_upgrade = 7
		ship_light_range_upgrade = 3
	}
	obsolete = yes
}
create_equipment_variant = {
	name = "Stuart Class"
	type = ship_hull_light_1
	name_group = AST_DD_HISTORICAL
	parent_version = 1
	role_icon_index = 2
	modules = {
		rear_1 = ship_depth_charge_1
		front_2 = empty
	}
	upgrades = {
		ship_light_engine_upgrade = 8
		ship_light_range_upgrade = 8
		ship_light_armor_upgrade = 1
	}
}
create_equipment_variant = {
	name = "Silvio Class"
	type = ship_hull_light_1
	name_group = AST_DD_HISTORICAL
	parent_version = 0
	role_icon_index = 5
	modules = {
		rear_1 = ship_depth_charge_1
		rear_2 = ship_mine_sweeper_1
		mid_1 = empty
	}
	upgrades = {
		ship_light_range_upgrade = 3
	}
}
create_equipment_variant = {
	name = "Stalwart Class"
	type = ship_hull_light_1
	name_group = AST_DD_HISTORICAL
	parent_version = 0
	role_icon_index = 2
	modules = {
		rear_1 = ship_depth_charge_1
		rear_2 = empty
		mid_1 = ship_torpedo_2
	}
	upgrades = {
		ship_light_engine_upgrade = 8
		ship_light_range_upgrade = 6
	}
	obsolete = yes
}
create_equipment_variant = {
	name = "Yarra Class"
	type = ship_hull_light_1
	name_group = AST_DD_HISTORICAL
	parent_version = 0
	role_icon_index = 2
	modules = {
		fixed_target_acquisition = ship_sonar_2
		fixed_engine = ship_range_engine_2
		rear_1 = ship_depth_charge_1
		rear_2 = empty
		mid_1 = ship_anti_air_2
	}
	upgrades = {
		ship_light_range_upgrade = 8
	}
}

# Light Cruisers #
create_equipment_variant = {
	name = "Adelaide Class"
	type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
	name_group = AST_CL_HISTORICAL
	parent_version = 0
	role_icon_index = 2
	modules = {
		rear_1 = ship_light_medium_battery_1
		mid_1 = empty
		mid_2 = empty
		mid_3 = empty
		front_2 = empty
	}
	upgrades = {
		ship_medium_engine_upgrade = 3
		ship_medium_range_upgrade = 3
		ship_medium_armor_upgrade = 1
	}
	obsolete = yes
}
create_equipment_variant = {
	name = "Albatross Class"
	type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
	name_group = AST_CL_HISTORICAL
	parent_version = 0
	role_icon_index = 7
	modules = {
		fixed_front_1 = ship_light_battery_2
		fixed_engine = ship_range_engine_1
		rear_1 = ship_anti_air_1
		mid_1 = ship_airplane_launcher_1
		mid_2 = ship_airplane_launcher_1
		front_2 = ship_anti_air_2
	}
	upgrades = {
		ship_medium_engine_upgrade = 1
		ship_medium_range_upgrade = 9
	}
}
create_equipment_variant = {
	name = "Sydney Class"
	type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
	name_group = AST_CL_HISTORICAL
	parent_version = 0
	role_icon_index = 1
	modules = {
		fixed_front_1 = ship_light_medium_battery_2
		fixed_target_acquisition = ship_fire_control_system_0
		fixed_engine = ship_range_engine_2
		rear_1 = ship_light_medium_battery_2
		mid_1 = ship_airplane_launcher_1
		mid_2 = ship_torpedo_2
		mid_3 = ship_anti_air_2
		front_2 = ship_light_medium_battery_2
	}
	upgrades = {
		ship_medium_engine_upgrade = 8
		ship_medium_range_upgrade = 9
		ship_medium_armor_upgrade = 2
	}
}

# Heavy Cruisers #
create_equipment_variant = {
	name = "Australia Class"
	type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
	name_group = AST_CA_HISTORICAL
	parent_version = 0
	role_icon_index = 1
	modules = {
		fixed_front_1 = ship_medium_battery_1
		fixed_target_acquisition = ship_fire_control_system_0
		fixed_engine = ship_range_engine_1
		rear_1 = ship_medium_battery_1
		rear_2 = empty
		mid_1 = ship_airplane_launcher_1
		mid_2 = ship_torpedo_2
		mid_3 = ship_anti_air_2
		mid_4 = ship_anti_air_1
		front_2 = ship_medium_battery_1
	}
	upgrades = {
		ship_medium_engine_upgrade = 7
		ship_medium_range_upgrade = 5
		ship_medium_armor_upgrade = 1
	}
}

1939.1.1 = {
}