capital = 804

set_research_slots = 3

# Starting tech
# clone of Yugoslavia
set_technology = {
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1

	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	
}

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 33
	neutrality = 33
	communism = 34
}

recruit_character = HRZ_acd2
recruit_character = HRZ_fascist_guy
recruit_character = HRZ_ncs
recruit_character = HRZ_nccr
recruit_character = HRZ_aco2
recruit_character = HRZ_communist_guy
recruit_character = HRZ_ai2
recruit_character = HRZ_ar
recruit_character = HRZ_coi
recruit_character = HRZ_acas
recruit_character = HRZ_acgs
recruit_character = HRZ_aa2
recruit_character = HRZ_democratic_guy
recruit_character = HRZ_acr
recruit_character = HRZ_stc
recruit_character = HRZ_awt
recruit_character = HRZ_pot
recruit_character = HRZ_mt
recruit_character = HRZ_ncm
recruit_character = HRZ_nt

