capital = 84

set_research_slots = 3

# Starting tech
# clone of Yugoslavia
set_technology = {
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1

	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	
}

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 33
	neutrality = 33
	communism = 34
}

recruit_character = TRA_pot
recruit_character = TRA_awt
recruit_character = TRA_communist_guy
recruit_character = TRA_ncm
recruit_character = TRA_acgs
recruit_character = TRA_nccr
recruit_character = TRA_fascist_guy
recruit_character = TRA_ar
recruit_character = TRA_stc
recruit_character = TRA_aco2
recruit_character = TRA_aa2
recruit_character = TRA_ncs
recruit_character = TRA_nt
recruit_character = TRA_acas
recruit_character = TRA_acd2
recruit_character = TRA_democratic_guy
recruit_character = TRA_mt
recruit_character = TRA_ai2
recruit_character = TRA_coi
recruit_character = TRA_acr
